feat(protocol-designer): 8.5.0 announcement modal & release notes (#18365)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: protocol-designer/release-notes.md

---

## Opentrons Protocol Designer Changes in 8.5.0

**Welcome to Protocol Designer v8.5.0!**

> This release adds support for liquid classes in Protocol Designer protocols for the Flex, exporting python, and includes feature improvements and bug fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for liquid classes in Flex protocols, exports Python protocols for Flex and OT-2, and includes feature improvements and bug fixes.
```
